# PV-MPPT-Neural-Network
I proposed a new MPPT system using neural network for PV system. this system train 5000 data (temperature and Irradiation) and able to follow very well the expected output.


Today, most countries are focusing on the development of alternative energy resources. In general, alternative energy resources, including hydropower, solar power and wind power, are not harmful to nature. Solar energy is one of the very popular alternative energy sources due to its enormous availability in nature. Optimization of this Energy is then necessary in order to minimize losses during its production. In this thesis, we use a machine learning algorithm (RNA: Artificial Neuron Network) for maximum power point tracking (MPPT) in solar panels (photovoltaic). Unlike the gradient backpropagation method used by (Sedaghati et al, 2012) and (Ab-BelKhair et al., 2020), here we use the Levenberg-Marquardt method which generally requires more memory space but less time to train the neural network. Our neural network consists of ten hidden layers, is used to train temperature and irradiation to specify the reference voltage of the maximum power point. Our artificial neural network has the advantages of fast and precise tracking of the maximum power point. By properly controlling the DC-DC step-up converter (Boost Converter), maximum power point tracking is possible. To check the analysis of theory, simulation results is obtained using MATLAB / SIMULINK. The duty cycle and the response time obtained are 98.41% and 0.49 seconds respectively. By comparing our results in terms of compromise between the duty cycle and response time with those of the literature which used an artificial intelligence algorithm for the tracking of the maximum power point, we realize that our results are better.
